Review readme files (#108)
hyperledger/iroha-javascript: packages/client-isomorphic-fetch/README.md

# `@iroha2/client-isomorphic-fetch`

> In Node.js, `@iroha2/client-isomorphic-fetch` fallbacks to either `node-fetch` package or native `fetch()`.

Reviewer: I would say that it uses `node-fetch` in Node.js environment, i.e. in CJS mode, and uses native Fetch API in Browser, i.e. in ESM mode.

Author: like this?

```suggestion
`@iroha2/client-isomorphic-fetch` uses `node-fetch` package in CJS mode (in Node.js) and native Fetch API in ESM mode (in a browser).
```
